Update speaker-info.rst (#2535)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2026/speaker-info.rst

Date
    {{ date.short }}

Talk length

>     30 minutes of presentation followed by 5 minutes moderated Q&A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    30 minutes of presentation followed by 5 minutes of moderated Q&A
```

Projector specs
    1920 x 1200 resolution at 60Hz via HDMI, DisplayPort or VGA

Adapters

>        USB-C to HDMI adapters are provided but if you need a specific adaptor, please let us know

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       USB-C to HDMI adapters are provided, but if you need a specific adapter, let the speaker coordinator know in advance
```

Microphones

>     We have both over ear (preferred) and handheld

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We have both over-ear (preferred) and handheld
```

Clicker
    We will provide a clicker if you'd like to use it with your computer slides (not required)

Confidence monitor
    There will be a monitor downstage left that displays what the audience sees on the screen

What to wear

>     We encourage you to wear clothing that you feel comfortable in. Do consider the over ear microphone when selecting your clothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We encourage you to wear clothing that you feel comfortable in. Consider the over-ear microphone when selecting your clothing; make sure there's something for the transmitter to clip onto.
```
I wasn't sure about what the specifics were supposed to be here, but this was almost an issue for me!

    1920 x 1200 resolution at 60Hz via HDMI, DisplayPort or VGA

Talk length
    30 minutes of presentation followed by 5 minutes moderated Q&A

Microphones
    We have both over ear (preferred) and handheld

Clicker
    We will provide a clicker if you'd like to use it with your computer slides (not required)

Confidence monitor
    There will be a monitor downstage left that displays what the audience sees on the screen

> 

Author: @plaindocs Are we planning to have a one computer available for speakers? Do we want to encourage them to use this?

Reviewer: This is just a duplicate monitor of the slides behind the speaker that all comes from their laptop, so they don't have to twist around to see what's behind them :)

**{{cfp.notification}}**
    We'll let you know whether your proposal was accepted, and ask for some supplementary information about you.

>     Make sure to confirm your talk as soon as you get the email, and update your pronouns, photo, name pronunciation, bio , and hoodie size in `Pretalx <https://pretalx.com/wtd-{{shortcode}}-{{year}}/me/>`__.

Author: @plaindocs I moved request for hoodie size up here. Is this included in this form or is it separate? I need to get this information sooner than one month out.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, I'll add it to the fields to process after we select talks, and send out the reminder soon.

**{{cfp.speaker_tickets_by}}**
    Register your free speaker ticket with dietary preferences (we'll email you a ticket link beforehand).
    Make sure `Pretalx <https://pretalx.com/wtd-{{shortcode}}-{{year}}/me/>`__ has all of your updated info. 

> **{{cfp.slides_by}}**

Author: @plaindocs I see that last year, we requested slides one week out. Berlin we requested two weeks. Could we request them sooner than one week? April 22 or 24?

**{{cfp.notification}}**
    We'll let you know whether your proposal was accepted, and ask for some supplementary information about you.

>     Make sure to confirm your talk as soon as you get the email, and update your pronouns, photo, name pronunciation, bio , and hoodie size in `Pretalx <https://pretalx.com/wtd-{{shortcode}}-{{year}}/me/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Make sure to confirm your talk as soon as you get the email, and update your pronouns, photo, name pronunciation, bio, and hoodie size in `Pretalx <https://pretalx.com/wtd-{{shortcode}}-{{year}}/me/>`__.
```

~~~~~~

- 8:00-8:30am: Morning Speaker tech checks at main stage
- 9:00am-11:50am: Speaker Talks
- 11:50am-12:30pm: Afternoon Speaker tech checks at main stage
- 2:00pm-4:50pm: Speaker Talks

TUESDAY
~~~~~~~

- 8:30-9:00am: Morning Speaker tech checks at main stage
- 9:20-11:50pm: Speaker Talks
- 11:50-12:20pm: Afternoon Speaker tech checks at main stage
- 2:00-4:05pm: Afternoon Speaker Talks

> Your speaker tech check will be directly before the morning or afternoon session you are speaking at, bring the laptop you'll be using to present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your speaker tech check will be directly before the morning or afternoon session you are speaking at. Meet in front of the main stage. Bring the laptop you'll be using to present and your technical questions!
```

> For example if you speak Tuesday between 2:00 and 4:30pm, your tech will be during the lunch hour on Tuesday. We'll send a calendar invite with your exact tech time. Meet in front of the main stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you speak Tuesday afternoon, your tech will be during the lunch hour on Tuesday. We'll send a calendar invite with your exact tech time. You're also welcome to attend an earlier tech check (for example, on Monday), if you'd prefer to get it out of the way.
```
